Hey Jackie, how are you doing today?
I am good!  I just got out of my psychology lecture.  It was so boring!  I am glad I am done for the day.  How are you doing?  Did you just get out of class too?
No, I have been out of class since early this afternoon, and I have been reading this new book I just bought.  Have you ever heard of the author John Grisham?
Yeah!  John Grisham is a lawyer who has written a lot of books based on his knowledge and experience with the legal system like The Client. His books are very easy to read, and they give a lot of information on how the legal system works.
Yeah, The Client is one of my favourite books!  I love Mark Sway and Reggie Love, the two main characters of the novel.  For an elevenyear-old kid, Mark is old beyond his years and so streetwise. John Grisham’s special sense of humour has made his characters very entertaining and the book much more interesting to read. Have you read The Chamber?
The Chamber is a pretty good book too. The story about a grandson who tried to save the grandfather he has never really known gave me an insight on how the legal system works in the case of capital punishment. This story was somber, and it was written in a more serious tone.
John Grisham really knows how to adapt his writing style to each situation. That is probably one of the reasons for his success.
John Grisham’s success is an example of the importance of education. Even though his parents were poor and did not have a decent education, his mother put a lot of emphasis on his education and pushed him to go to college.
I have to agree with you on that.  Education is one of the best tools to achieve success in life.  That is the reason why we are still in school, right?
Right. But, why the sudden interest in John Grisham, Lisa?
Well, I read his first book, and I found it very interesting.  So, I kept on reading his books. I already have a collection of all his work.
He has written at least twenty books. Did you read all of them? Did you have that much free time?
No, I only read his legal fiction books. I have not touched any of  his nonlegal fiction or his non-fiction books.
I see that you are very interested in learning about the legal system.
Yes, very much. I find it fascinating. However, not enough to change my major from psychology to law yet.
Maybe you should follow John Grisham’s example. He is a lawyer, and he writes novels about the legal system. You can finish your studies in psychology, and then write novels based on your expertise in psychology.
That is a good idea. However, do you think I am creative enough to be able to weave all sorts of stories like John Grisham? That would require a lot of talent, and I do not know whether I have it in me.
You never know unless you try. Anyways, people say, “where there is a will, there is a way,” right?
And, there is also writer’s block. Those moments when you sit in front of the computer, ready to put your story in writing, and yet, your mind is completely blank. You keep on trying and trying, and nothing comes. I mean, absolutely nothing.
Still, you never know unless you try, Lisa. Oh, it is almost 3 o’clock!  I need to run, or I will miss the bus. See you later, Lisa! Lisa: Bye, Jackie! Talk to you later!
Mom, I am home.
How was school? How did you do on the test?
School was OK, and I did great on the test. Mom, I was so worried about that test, but now I feel great. What a relief!
I am glad to hear that. You have been studying so hard the past few weeks. Now, you can relax and enjoy life.
What are you cooking? It smells so good.
I am baking cakes. This is your favourite carrot cake.
It looks really yummy. And I see muffins over there too. You were busy, weren’t you?
Yes. Jeff has to take something to school tomorrow. So, those muffins are for him. Don’t touch them.
Can I have a piece of carrot cake? I want to enjoy life right now.
You don’t want to wait until after dinner?
It looks inviting, and I bet it is delicious.  No, I don’t want to wait. Can I, mom?
OK, go ahead.
Did you see the new recipe that was posted on Today Cooking’s website? I believe it was called Scrumptious Pie.
No, I did not. But I want to try that recipe. Your dad loves pie.
So do I.
So does Jeff. Our whole family is crazy about pie.
When do you want to try the new recipe? I want to learn too. Should we bake a cherry pie or an apple pie?
Since this is the cherry season, let’s make a cherry pie. Tomorrow, I will get some cherries at the supermarket, and we can start baking in the afternoon when you get home from school.
I need to finish a science project, and I will not get home until 3:30. Will it be too late to start baking, mom? If it is, you can start without me.
3:30 PM is fine. I will prepare dinner early, and then I will have everything ready for our baking session before you get home.
Make sure that we still have enough sugar and eggs, mom. It seems like you were using a lot of sugar and eggs baking the cakes and muffins today.
Don’t worry. We still have plenty of sugar and a lot of eggs, enough to make at least ten pies.
Ten pies, huh? Ten sounds like a good number, but let’s not overdo it. Let’s make nine and a half pies instead.
OK, we will make nine and a half pies tomorrow. No more, no less.
It is a deal.
Enough about baking pies. I need to start working on today’s dinner. It is three o’clock already. Your dad and Jeff will be home soon. I am sure they will be very hungry and will want dinner right away.
What do we have for dinner tonight?
I will make roast beef and cream of mushroom soup.
It has been a long time since you made cream of mushroom soup. Do you need any help, mom?
No, go do your homework and leave the cooking to me.
Thanks, mom. Call me whenever dinner is ready. I do not want to be late for roast beef, cream of mushroom soup, carrot cake and muffins.
The muffins are for Jeff. Do not touch them!
I know, mom. Just kidding.
Hey Alexis, I am glad you decided to come over to my house to study for our upcoming exam.  The sociology test seems to be very difficult.  I have studied all the materials, but I am still not confident about my performance this Friday.
Yes, this test is going to be hard, but since you have covered all the materials, you
That sounds like a good idea.  Let’s start!
Well, in chapter one, the book covers the three fundamental points of view on sociology. Do you know what these three points of view are?
Yes, I think I do.  They are the Functionalist, the Conflict, and the Interactionist perspectives.  Is that right?
Yes!  You got it!  Good job!
Thanks, Alexis!  But what does each perspective believe?
Well, you know what the Functionalist Perspective talks about.  It is the easiest to remember.
Oh yes!  That one talks about how everyone has a function in society.  It states that everyone has a function in life where their collective actions will be put together for the benefit of society.
That is correct!  No need to ask, but I think you understand very well what the other two perspectives are all about, right?
Yes, I can explain very precisely what they are. There is no need for me to do a review on them.  Let’s finish the other chapters.
Well, how about you quiz me on chapter two.
Sure.  Well, in chapter two, the book discusses Max Weber.  Who was Max Weber and what was his opinion on the issue of organization?
Well, Max Weber was one of the founders of the modern study of sociology. He believed that organizing requires communication, coordination, and control.
That is correct!  You are doing really well too, Alexis!
Thanks Mary!  I feel pretty good about chapter two.  Let’s take a break right now and we will finish going over the main parts of chapter three when we come back.
Chapter three is the most difficult chapter. I have read the chapter twice on top of reviewing all my lecture notes, and it is still quite confusing. Maybe I just made a big deal out of nothing.
Chapter three covers quite a few different concepts. It might be better for us to write down each concept and then carefully do a comparison of their similarities and differences. I bet our teacher will ask us to write a short essay on each concept as part of the exam.
Do you think so? I better get myself prepared since we only have an hour to finish the exam. I am never good at writing as I always have difficulties putting my thoughts on paper. I have worked so hard to overcome this problem, but I still have not improved much. Maybe, I have a tendency of over analyzing things.
I do not think that is your problem. It is probably a case of anxiety. Try to relax and take it easy. Things get worse when you do not have control of yourself.
I know, I know. However, I cannot help it. It is good that you suggested we take a break. I need to have a clear mind when we start on chapter three. Let’s go find something to eat and listen to some soothing music for a while.
OK, Mary.
That test was so long!  Four hours!  I really do not understand why we have to take this test anyway.  Are our grade point averages (GPAs) not good enough for college?
That test did seem long, didn’t it?  But since the curriculum of one high school is slightly different from another high school, the SAT test allows the colleges to consider each student equally.  Although one student might have taken different classes from another student, all high school students take the same SAT test.
I suppose that makes sense.  Either way, I really hope I do not have to take that test again!
Same here.  Well, we will just have to wait and see.  The scores will be out in a few weeks.  Anyways, have you gotten your recommendation letters yet?
I have asked Mrs. Smith for one already, and I am thinking about asking Mr. Johnson for another one.  I liked both their classes and I think they got to know me better than my other teachers, so hopefully the letters will be wellwritten.  What about you?
I have also asked Mrs. Smith for a letter. Do you know Mr. Lawson?  I would like to get a recommendation letter from him.  I hope he remembers me as I have not had a class with him since last year.  I am not sure who else I could have asked.
Well, at least we each have one letter.  Mrs. Smith is the best, isn’t she? I wish I could have another class with her, but this is our last semester, and after that it is graduation!
I agree.  Mrs. Smith really enjoys teaching, and that definitely helps her students to enjoy learning.
What colleges are you thinking of applying to?  Have you visited any campuses yet?
I am still considering whether I should stay close to home or go to an outof-state school.  I have toured the Stanford campus and the people there were very friendly.  I have also visited Notre Dame, the university in Indiana. What about you?  Have you toured any campuses yet?
I want to stay close to home so I am hoping to go to either a California State University or a University of California.
Which one?  There is practically one or the other in each of the big cities.
Perhaps UCLA, the University of California, Los Angeles or CSULB, the California State University, Long Beach.  But I am not too worried about getting into a college just yet.  I am more worried about this SAT test at the moment!
I understand how you feel.  However, we should still consider what should be done next.  It will be bad if we fall behind and don’t make it into college by next fall.  Have you decided what to study yet?  I’m thinking about majoring in English myself.
English is definitely a possibility.  I was thinking about becoming an English teacher like Mrs. Smith.  But I was also considering majoring in Biological Sciences.
Why?  English and Biological Sciences are two radically different areas of study. What would you do with a degree in Biological Sciences?
I am also wondering whether I should pursue medicine.  It may be too early to decide yet, but if I want to become a doctor, the classes I would take as a Biological Sciences student would fulfil most requirements for medical school.  But like I said, it is too early to determine anything yet.  I am just hoping to get into a college!
I do not think you have to worry about getting into college.  Still, let’s just keep trying our best!
Henry, what are you doing?
I have been trying to solve this physics problem for the last half hour, and I still have no idea how to do it.
When do you have to turn it in?
It is due at the end of this week.
Well, it is only Monday. Why don’t you get some afterschool-tutoring tomorrow?
I have to sign up for it first. I guess I will go sign up for the Wednesday session tomorrow.
You should reread the chapter before you show up for the session. It will help you understand the subject matter better.
OK, I will do that.
Now that your problem is solved, I need you to lend me a hand with my problem.
What is up?
I need to build a new doll house for Nancy. I was putting her doll house away, and somehow I accidentally dropped it. It was broken into pieces.
How clumsy of you! Does she know?
I told her about it. I could not lie to her.
How did she take it?
My sister really liked that doll house, and obviously she was not very happy. But, I told her that I would build a better one for her. So, I need your help.
Me? Help you? I have never built anything in my life.
Me neither. But, don’t worry. Putting together pieces of wood is not going to be difficult.
It is more than just putting pieces of wood together. You need to put in windows and doors. Have you thought about how you would do that?
Who says houses need to have windows and doors?
So, you are going to build a doll house with no windows and no doors?
Yes, I do not see anything wrong with that. Do you?
No. It makes the project easier to handle now. But, are you sure that Nancy will not mind having a doll house with no doors and no windows?
Yes, I am sure.
Are you sure that Nancy will find this doll house with no doors and no windows prettier than the one you broke?
No, I am not sure. Why do you have to make things so complicated?
I am not trying to complicate things. You did tell Nancy that the new doll house would be better than the one you broke. I just want to remind you of your promise.
Ah, I wish I have not touched her doll house! What should I do then?
Get help from somebody who knows how to build a doll house. I would not be of any help to you in this project.
Who do you suggest I ask?
Mr. Brown used to be a carpenter. He will be glad to help you out. Why don’t you give him a call, and see whether he has some free time.
You are right. It will take us forever to build this doll house. With Mr. Brown’s help, I can finish it in no time.
OK, now that your problem is solved, can you help me trim the trees in the back yard?
Who? Me? Trim the trees in your back yard? It will take us ages to trim those trees. Let’s see who is good at trimming trees. Ah, you can ask Mr. Brown. He is also good at trimming trees. And, when you ask for his help, please ask him to help me build a doll house also.
Hey, James. What are you doing here?
I am looking for an apartment to rent. What are you doing here? Looking for an apartment also?
Yes. Since my parents’ house is so far away, I need to find an apartment closer to school. I
I still have not decided whether to stay at the dormitory or not. I am looking at different options to find the cheapest lodging.
So, what are you looking for?
All I need is a place big enough for my bed, my desk and my television. Of course, the place should have a kitchen so that I can cook my meals. I will be living on a very tight budget and will have to watch every dime.
Me too. I cannot work fulltime like I did during the summer. I will cut down on my workload in order to spend most of the time on my studies. So, a safe and decent apartment is all I need.
How long have you been looking?
I just started this week. Since school is going to start next month, I figured I better start the process as soon as possible.
It is not easy to find an apartment to your liking that does not cost a lot. I have been looking at the ads in the newspaper for two weeks, and I still have not found anything yet.
Really? Is it that difficult to find an apartment?
No, it is just that everything I like so far is too expensive and way beyond my reach.
Is it because they are very close to school? I heard that the closer they are to school, the higher the rental cost.
Maybe that is the problem. Since I do not have a car, I need to find something close to school.
Have you thought about sharing an apartment? If you want, we can find a two bedroom apartment and share it. It may be cheaper that way.
That could solve our problem.
Wait! Maybe we should talk this over before we decide.
Right. For this plan to succeed, we need to come up with some sort of agreement or set of rules.
Here is my first question: What do you do during the weekdays?
I have to work at Starbucks from 8:00AM to 12:00PM, and then I have school from 1:00PM to 5:00PM. After that I plan to go home, eat dinner, and work on my school assignments. How about you?
Well, I have class from 8:00AM to 10:00AM, and then I go to the library to work until 2:00PM. After that, it is school again until 4:00PM. I plan to stay on campus until 6:00PM to work on my computer projects, and then go home to work on my other classes’ assignments.
It is my turn to ask the second question. Do you plan to have your friends over at the apartment very often?
No, not on weekdays. I want to finish my homework during the weekdays as much as possible. I think half of my weekend will also be reserved for homework. If my friends do stop by, it will probably be during the weekend.
Good, I plan to do the same things during school time. I also plan to visit my parents during the weekend. My mom is a great cook.
My parents’ house is too far to visit once a week. I will go home to see them and my little brother during the holidays. I need to be happy with whatever foods I cook.
It seems that sharing an apartment with you may work. Do you want to try it?
Yes. Let’s go in and take a look at this one.
Hi, I am Tom.
I am Ana.
This is a pretty good seminar so far, huh?
Yes, I like it. Prentice Hall always delivers good seminars. All of its speakers are very wellknown and also very knowledgeable in the subject matter. Did you attend the seminar on Leadership in Long Beach last January?
No, I missed that one. Who was the speaker?
John Miller. He is the author of The Seven Habits of a Good Leader. It was a great seminar. John gave us tons of information on how to deal with employees. You should sign up for that seminar next year.
I will. I am very interested in the subject of Leadership. I was promoted to the position of Supervisor a few months ago, and I have to manage a staff of ten people. It can be quite a difficult situation sometimes. It is the reason why I am here today.
Same here. I only have seven people reporting to me; yet, sometimes I feel like pulling my hair out. I need to find a way to create harmony and cooperation within my department.
I also need to learn how to better manage my workload. I always run out of time. It seems like the days are getting shorter and shorter.
You need to sign up for the Learn How To Delegate seminar. It is coming next month.
Let’s see whether I will have any free time next month. I know sometime next month I will have to go to Texas on a business trip.
By the way, what is your company doing?
Oh, we produce office equipment such as calculators and fax machines. How about yours?
We are in the service business. We specialize in repairing computers.
How was business lately?
It is pretty slow right now. Just like any other company, we are quite affected by this slowing economy.
Business is slow with my company too. However, people are saying that it should pick up any time now.
Let’s hope so. We need to keep our employees busy. 
I have some very talented employees, and I would like to keep their minds sharp. They tend to be bored when things slow down, and that is not good. 
Yes, nothing is more frustrating than sitting idle with nothing to do. The days seem so long. 
I hate those types of days. Luckily, it is not that bad in our company. Besides, we are in the process of updating our computer system, and we can use this slow period to finish the process. 
Good for you. Oh, 10:30 AM already. I guess our breaktime is over. 
The topic of the next session, How To Make Positive Impression On Others And Gain Visibility And Influence In The Workplace, seems to be really interesting. We better not miss any part of it. Let’s get back to our seats so that we can learn how to bring out the best in ourselves as well as our employees.
I will have to give a presentation on global warming on Friday, and I am so nervous.
There are a lot of things you can do to make you feel more confident and less nervous.
What should I do, Mary?
First of all, you need to understand the subject matter thoroughly. You need to know what is global warming, what causes global warming, and what people should do to abate the effects of global warming.
I have done a lot of research on the subject, and I know I can answer any questions I will receive from the audience.
The next thing that you need is an outline of your presentation. You should think about how to effectively present the subject matter.
You mean what I should talk about, or more precisely the sequence of my presentation?
Yes, what you should present first, second, third…
If that is the case, then I already have an outline. To make it easy for my audience to follow the presentation, I intend to post the outline on the board at all time during my speech.
Good idea! By the way, do you have any facts to back you up? For example, change of climate, yearly disasters…
No, I have not thought about that. I better get some statistics from the Internet. I should not have any problems since the Internet has all kinds of data.
Good. It is easier to convince people and to hold their attention with actual data. It would be even better if you show some pictures along the way. Do you have any?
No, it is another thing to add to my To Do list. I guess I will need at least two or three pictures to persuade people about the dangers of global warming.
Pictures will keep your audience from being bored. In order for you to succeed, you need to keep them interested and involved.
What else do I need? Is there anything else I can do to help me relax and be at ease during my presentation?
You need to practice your presentation. Just pretend that you are standing in front of your audience and start to give your speech.
Pretending is one thing; actually giving a speech is another thing.
Think positive. Tell yourself that you can do it without any problems.
I guess I can look at this as a presentation of my point of view to my friends. I mean a lot of my friends. I mean all the friends that I have made since kindergarten, plus all the relatives that I have on both my mother and father’s sides.
If you are really prepared, it will be a piece of cake. You will be able to speak with ease and confidence, and you will be amazed by how well you can express yourself.
I need to do this presentation really well. This is my first presentation in front of a big audience, and it is so important to me.
This is only the beginning, Jennifer. Being able to express your ideas with confidence and clarity is one of the best skills to possess.
You are absolutely right. I will take time to practice and to learn to relax and express myself really well. Wish me luck, Mary!
I know you. You can do it. Good luck, Jennifer!
Hello Mrs Adams.
Please tell me how do I get to your house?
Are will you coming by car, bus  or by train?
I will be coming by car.
Please could you tell me the easiest way of getting to your house?
Take the M6 to London and need to come of at junction 78
London, could you spell that for me
L - o - n - d - o - n
Thanks
OK, then turn right at the roundabout and take the second right my house is on the left next to the local pet store.
Is that the quickest way of getting to your house?
Yes, it is the quickest way by car.
Would it be possible for you draw me a map please, as  I don't know the area very well as I am from Blackburn.
Yes I will draw a map and send you a copy in an email with some directions we have just talked about.
Thank you so much.
You are welcome.
I have really good news today. Oh! I am so happy.
What is your good news, Tom?
I got a promotion today. You are looking at the new supervisor of the Marketing department.
Wow, this is great news! I am so glad for you. So, you will start your new job this coming Monday?
No, I need to finish my current projects in the Sales department before I move over to Marketing. I probably will start my new job a week from Monday.
You have a lot of experience with this company. They will be very helpful to you in your new position.
I know. However, I have never supervised people before. I hope I will be able to cope with all the new responsibilities.
You will do fine. You are a natural leader, and you will lead well.
You think so, Lucy?
I know so. You are always good at coaching people. You led your soccer team to victory last year, didn’t you?
Leading a soccer team and leading a Marketing department are not quite the same.
Yes, they are in a way. First, being a supervisor means building a good team where members work well with each other, right?
Right. If members of a team do not understand their own tasks as well as the tasks of their teammates, it will be chaos.
Second, a supervisor needs to identify his employees’ working habits and the job requirements in order to build a better work environment, right?
Yes. In order for me to improve my employees’ performance, I need to understand their working habits and their skills. Then, I can give them a little bit of coaching if the need arises.
Third, you need to find out what motivates your employees, right?
Yes again. Everybody needs to be motivated, either to find a better way of doing one’s job or putting in extra effort to perform better.
Things will not always run smoothly. There will be problem employees. So, fourth, you need to know how to coach, or how to counsel, or even how to discipline, right?
Right. This is the worst part of being a supervisor. You need to be strong enough to cope with problem employees, to be wise enough to counsel them, and even be “mean” enough to discipline them.
Things will change, and your department needs to be able to adapt to changes, right?
Yes, technological changes happen everyday. I need to get my employees ready for changes as well as to reinforce the need for change sometimes.
And if you come up with new ideas, you need to be able to “sell” your ideas to your boss and your employees, right?
There is no need to come up with new ideas if you cannot convince people of their value.
You need to set yourself out as an example for your employees. Therefore, you should have a good understanding of your responsibilities, work hard and work well with others, be alert of changes, and last but not least, understand the values and goals of your company.
If I want to lead, then I need to prove that I am a good leader.
Those are the things that you need to do in your new position. Even though they are not exactly the same as coaching a soccer team, you will do fine. All you need to do is change your leadership style a little bit in this new environment.
Thanks for the note of confidence, Lucy.
You are welcome, Tom.
Mom had asked me to go grocery shopping before she left for work this morning, but I need to finish my school project. Can you go for me, Martha?
I guess I can. I am done with my homework. What did mom want you to buy?
Well, she wanted me to buy enough groceries for the whole week. Besides meat, some fish and vegetables, we can buy whatever else we want for snacks and breakfast.
What do you want for breakfast?
I guess some cereal as usual.
I do not want cereal every day. I will buy some pancakes and syrup then.
Get the new Fine Food pancakes in the frozen food section please. I want to see how it tastes.
Do we still have enough coffee and cream for mom and dad?
Yes, we do. Talking about coffee and cream, you better buy some milk also. We almost ran out of it.
Next, what do you want for snacks?
Some chips would be fine with me. You probably want your chocolate cookies.
I better write down all these things; otherwise, I will forget them by the time I get to the market. I would hate to make two trips to take care of things.
Right! As far as meat, mom wants some pork and some chicken.
Just any kind of pork?
I forgot to ask mom about that. Anyways, you can ask the butcher for his opinion. He knows what is best.
How about fish?
Mom wants some salmon and some catfish. Make sure that they are fresh.
How much salmon and catfish should I buy?
Oh, buy four pieces of salmon filet and four pieces of catfish filet. Mom does not like to get the whole fish.
Are these fish filets sold by weight or by the piece?
I am not very sure. Just buy four decent sized pieces. Not too big and not too small.
Do I need to buy some spices so mom can marinate the fish?
Yes, get some ground pepper and some garlic.
Now, how about vegetables? Mom probably wants carrots, potatoes, cabbages and some lettuce.
That would be fine. We need some fruits also. What do you want?
Dad always packs an apple for lunch everyday. I want the same thing.
We have already run out of eggs. So, get a carton of eggs also.
How about some soft drinks?
No, buy some bottled water instead. It is healthier for us. We need to cut down on our intake of sugar, as too much sugar is not good for our bodies.
I need to put bread on the list before I forget. Should I get one loaf or two?
One loaf will be enough. Put down a bag of rice also.
Do we need anything for dessert?
Get a box of ice cream.
Ice cream? Isn’t ice cream packed with sugar?
Yes, but since I already drink water instead of soft drinks, one or perhaps two scoops of ice cream after dinner is not too bad. Besides, mom loves ice cream, especially cherry vanilla.
OK, I will put down one box of ice cream if you say so. Do you want me to buy some pastries for you?
I know the pastries at the market are delicious; however, no is my answer. Do not tempt me, Martha.
Just asking, Laura.
You have quite a few items to take care of. You need to get going.
Yes, the list is quite long. By the time I get to the cashier to pay, I will probably have a full shopping cart. OK, I am all set to go. I will be back soon.
Drive carefully please!
I will.
Hey Mike, throw your stuff in the back and ride up front with me.
OK, Brendan.  Thank you for giving me a ride home.  I did not want to call my parents because they were at Mimi’s Café for my aunt’s birthday.
Mimi’s Café?  That place has the best burgers in town!  The atmosphere is also nice. Good food and a good setting, what more could you ask for?  We should eat there after our next basketball game.
Yes, that sounds like a good plan.  When is our next game by the way?
I think it is after Winter break, which is a long way off.  Do you have any plans set up for the upcoming vacation?
Well, besides going to basketball practices with you, I will most likely be working.
Oh, working?  Did you get a new job or are you still working at Starbucks?
Well, Starbucks was a good first job for me and I loved the people I worked with. However, my work schedule was neither convenient nor easy.  My manager would schedule me only during the times when it was most busy, which is in the morning when there is a constant coffee rush.  It was definitely very difficult and a conflict to my class schedule.
Well, what are you doing now at your new job?
Well, I am an Administrative Assistant for a company called MultiMax.  I have done a little training, but I do not know what the full job entails. From what I have seen, it is mostly inputting data into the computer and following up on customers’ orders.
Oh, that sounds pretty easy. When did you start this new job?
I have been with MultiMax since November 1st. Well what about you?  Do you have any plans for break?
Not really.  I think I am just going to hang out at home and read some books.  I am planning a snowboarding trip though.  You should come if you are not too busy working at your new job.
Oh, that sounds like fun!  Who is going and where are you guys going to go snowboarding?
As of right now, my roommates, Jay and Kristian, are planning to go.  And, there are Josh, Alexis, and Ann.  We are planning to go to Big Bear.  I hear that there are pretty good conditions for skiing and snowboarding this season up there.
Yes, that is what I heard as well.  The whole trip sounds like fun.  Where are you guys staying at?  Did you rent out a cabin?
No, we did not.  My cousin actually owns a cabin up there, and he said it is OK for us to stay at his place for the weekend when I spoke with him last Friday. The cabin is not far away from the ski slopes and the eateries, so it should be a convenient place.
Would it be OK with your cousin if I come along as well? I am not sure whether I can go;
I am sure that will be fine.  He did not tell me there is a limit on the number of people
Awesome!  I am so excited!  Well, I will check my schedule, and I will give you an update tomorrow.  Hey, that is my house on the corner.  Thanks again for the ride, Brendan!
You are welcome Mike.  Have a good night and I will talk to you later about the trip.
Lynn, please come to my office. I just received a revised purchase order from one of our customers.
I am here.
Lynn, remember the order we received from Colours House two weeks ago?
The one for a lot of 500 oak wood windows?
Yes, that is the one. Did we start production on it yet?
I do not think so since we do not have to make delivery until the twentieth of this month, another fifteen days.
Good. I just received a revised order from its Purchasing department. They want pine wood instead of oak wood.
We have already ordered the oak wood from Lumber House. It will cost us more if we put in a change of order now.
Don’t worry. Colours House is willing to pay an extra twentyfive percent for the change.
It is OK then. When do we have to ship the order? Is it still due on the twentieth?
No, they gave us extra time to fill the new order. It is not due until the twentyfifth of the month now.
Did they change the shipping terms? Do we still have to deliver the order, or will they come here to pick it up?
We still have to take care of the shipping process, and it is still going to Chicago.
Then I do not have to make any shipping changes other than changing the pickup date.
I think you should put a call in to Trucking Lines as soon as possible. The thirtieth of this month is a major holiday, and its shipping schedule is going to be very tight.
True, they might not accommodate our change if they receive our notice too late.
Oh, here is the change of order from Colours House. You can sign and fax it back to them after reviewing it.
I better give a copy of this new order to our Production department. They need to be aware of the change.
How is our Production department doing?
It is running on a very tight schedule. We received quite a few orders lately.
I bet all the customers want their orders now or as soon as possible. The Production department will have to work a lot of overtime this month.
Overtime already started last week with all the employees in the Assembly department working an average of two hours overtime per day.
I hope the customers appreciate our quick response time and the fact that we always jump through hoops to give them whatever they want.
It does pay to keep up with the customers’ demand. Everybody likes our products and services. Even though it is sometimes very difficult to please everybody, it is fine with me because I love this company, and I want to see it prosper.
We can take pride in a job well done. Besides, it makes our job easier also.
Yes, I would not like to hear people complain. I would hate to deal with unhappy customers.
It is really stressful to deal with unhappy customers. I doubt that I will be able to relax even when I get home at the end of the day.
Me neither. OK, everything is set. I will call Colours House and tell them everything is set to go.
Thanks for your help, Lynn.
You are welcome, Jane.
So, what are your plans for this weekend?
I don’t know. Do you want to get together or something?
How about going to see a movie? Cinemax 26 on Carson Boulevard is showing Enchanted.
That sounds like a good idea. Maybe we should go out to eat beforehand.
It is fine with me. Where do you want to meet?
Let’s meet at Summer Pizza House. I have not gone there for a long time.
Good idea again. I heard they just came up with a new pizza. It should be good because Summer Pizza House always has the best pizza in town.
When should we meet?
Well, the movie is shown at 2:00PM, 4:00PM, 6:00PM and 8:00PM.
Why don’t we go to the 2:00PM show? We can meet at Summer Pizza House at noon. That will give us plenty of time to enjoy our pizza.
My cousin Karen is in town. Can I bring her along? I hate to leave her home alone.
Karen is in town? Yes, bring her along. Laurie, you remember Karen? We met her at Sara’s high school graduation party two years ago.
I do not quite remember her. What does she look like?
She has blond hair, she is kind of slender, and she is about your height.
She wears eyeglasses, right?
Yes, and she was playing the piano off and on during the party.
I remember her now. Yes, do bring her along Sara. She is such a nice person, and funny too.
She will be happy to meet both of you again.
What is she doing these days?
She graduated last June, and she will start her teaching career next week when the new school term begins.
What grade is she going to teach?
She will teach kindergarten. She loves working with kids, and she always has such a good rapport with them.
Kindergarten? She must be a very patient person. I always think kindergarten is the most difficult class to teach. Most of the kids have never been to school, and they have never been away from mommy for long.
I think Karen will do fine. She knows how to handle young children.
I think the first few weeks will be tough. However, once the routine is set, it should not be too difficult to teach kindergarten.
You are right. The kids might even look forward to going to school since they have so many friends to play with.
There are so many new things for them to do at school too. They do a lot of crafts in kindergarten. I am always amazed by the things kindergarten teachers do. 
Yes, I have seen my niece come home with so many neat stuff.
Maybe we can ask Karen to show us some of the things that we can do for this Halloween.
Maybe we can stop by the craft store after the movie. What do you think, Sara?
I will talk to her. I think she will like that. It will help her with school projects when Halloween comes.
Michael’s is a good store for crafts. It always carries a variety of things, and you can find almost anything there.
There is a Michaels store not far away from Cinemax 26. I believe it is just around the corner, on Pioneer Avenue. We can even walk over there.
So, we plan to meet for pizza at noon, go to the movies at two, and shop at Michael’s afterward. Right?
Yes.
That is a very lovely bouquet of flowers. Who is it for?
These flowers are for my sister Veronica. Today is her graduation day.
It must have cost you a fortune. 
I paid sixty dollars for it. 
That is expensive.
Yes, but it is worth it. My sister worked very hard for her degree over the last four years. Today is a very important day for her, and I want it to be special.
That is very nice of you. I wish it is our graduation day also.
Another three years and we will be done also. Three years seems to be a long time. Yet, it is not too bad.
Where are they going to hold the graduation ceremony?
The ceremony will be held on upper campus near the library at 3:00PM.
I believe the school of Business and the school of Engineering hold the same graduation ceremony.
That will be a big ceremony. Imagine all the graduating students from both schools along with their relatives and acquaintances.
You better show up early; otherwise, there will not be a seat left for you.
I better get a seat close to the stage if I want to get good pictures of my sister.
I think all the seats up front are reserved for the graduating students. If you want to be close to the stage, you probably will have to stand close by.
That will be good enough for me. I can snatch pictures of her when she walks by.
The University always has at least two professional photographers to take pictures of the students when they go upstage for their diploma.
Yes, I heard that the photographers usually take a couple of pictures of each student— ordinarily, when the students receive their diploma and when the school’s President shakes their hands in congratulation.
That will take care of the whole thing then. All the important moments will be captured on film.
And after the ceremony, there will be plenty of time to take pictures of my sister with our family and her friends.
The university store usually does not require the students to return their graduating gowns and caps right after the ceremony.
Yes, Veronica has the option of returning them the next day.
She will be wearing a black gown and cap with a gold tassel, right?
Yes. I wonder how she will feel. She will probably be very excited, very happy, and also very relieved to be done with her studies for now.
What do you mean by “for now”? Is she planning to pursue graduate studies?
Yes, but she plans to find a job first, and then she will go back to school for her Master’s degree.
You mean she will work for a while and then quit to go back to school fulltime?
No, she needs to work to support herself. She will work fulltime and go to school part- time at night.
It will be hard to hold a fulltime job while going to school.
I know it will not be easy; however, lots of people have done it. So, she can too. 
I am sure she will be able to do that. She is such a smart person, and hardworking too. 
I wish I am as disciplined as she is.
Have fun, Annie. Tell your sister that I send my best wishes.
Thanks. Bye, Liz.
Bye, Annie.
Hello Jason, how are you, it's been a long time since we last met?Jason: Oh, hi Sarah I'm have got a new job now and is going great. How about you?Sarah: Not too bad.Jason: How often do you eat at this cafe?Sarah: This is my first time my friends kept telling me the food was great, so tonight I decided to try it. What have you been up to?Jason: I have been so busy with my new job that I have not had the time to do much else, but otherwise, me and the family are all fine.Sarah: Well, I hope you and your family have a lovely meal.Jason: Yes you too.
Hello, my name is David It's nice to meet you.Jenny: Hi, I'm Jenny. It's my please to meet you.David: Am sorry. what was your name again?Jenny: Jenny.David: So Jenny, What do you do for a living?Jenny: I work at the local school teaching English. what do you for a living?David: I'm also an English teacher, but am currently out of work.Jenny: Sorry to hear that. It has been really nice talking to you.David: Yes. It was a great pleasure meeting you.
Hi Jason, it's great to see you again.Jason: Wow, it's great seeing you,  How long has it been? It most be more than 6 months. I'm doing good. How about you?Bob: Not too bad.Jason: What movie are you and the family going to see?Bob: I came here to see the Simpsons movie. How about you?Jason: I'm going to watch Terminator 4.
Good Morning, John. I am Mike.
Good Morning.
How are you doing?
I am doing fine. Thank you.
How was the traffic coming over here?
I am so glad that the traffic was light this morning. No traffic jam and no accidents.
That is good. John, let’s start the interview. Are you ready?
Yes, I am.
First of all, let me properly introduce myself. I am the Finance Department Manager. As you know there is an open position in my department, and I need to fill this position as soon as possible.
Please, tell me a little bit about the position.
It is an entrylevel position. The new employee will have to work closely with the
What type of qualifications do you require?
I require a fouryear college degree in Finance. Some working experience would be helpful.
What kind of experience are you looking for?
Doing office work is good. However, since this is an entrylevel position, I do not require a lot of experience. I am willing to train the new person.
That is great!
John, tell me a little bit about yourself.
I was a student at West Coast University, and I just graduated with a Bachelor degree in
What are you looking for in a job?
The job should help me see what Finance is all about. I have learned a lot of Finance theories at school, and now it is time for me to put them into practice.
Anything else?
I also hope that it will help me grow in my field.
What are your strengths? Why should I hire you?
I am a hardworking person and a fast learner. I am very eager to learn, and I get along fine with people.
OK. Now, let me ask you a few quick questions. You do not mind working long hours, do you?
No, I do not.
Can you handle pressure?
Yes, I can. When I was going to school, I took quite a few courses each semester while working at least twenty hours every week. And, I handled that situation very well.
Do you still have any questions for me?
No, I think I have a pretty good understanding of the job. I believe that I can handle it with ease, and I hope to have the opportunity to work for you.
John, nice meeting you. Thank you for coming.
Nice meeting you too. Thank you for seeing me.

Good morning, Pine trees Hotel.  How can I help you today?
Hello, I would like to book a room for tonight / Friday, August 15th /  the 20th till the 23rd.
What kind of room would you like?
I would like a double room, please.
Please hold on I will check ....  I am afraid we only have single room available. Tomorrow we will have a double room
OK that will do. How much for a single room?
Forty pounds including vat / excluding vat / before vat.
Are meals included in that price?
Yes, your breakfast and dinner are included and are served in our dining room.
That’s great; I will take a single room for tonight and change to a double room tomorrow.
Can you give me your credit card details so we can book your room....
This party is going to be the best ever!  I am so glad you came to visit in time to celebrate the New Year with me, Phuong.
Thank you for inviting me. I get to celebrate two New Year’s this year then.  My parents asked me to come back home to celebrate the Vietnamese New Year with them, but that is not until February 7th.
Oh, that is right!  You and I celebrate New Year’s at different times!  Although the date of the Vietnamese New Year depends on when the new moon rises, Americans celebrate the New Year precisely on January 1st, regardless of whatever phase the moon is currently in.
Why are you having the party tonight? Why not wait until tomorrow?
Well, don’t you stay up the night before waiting for New Years to start?  I remember you telling me a while ago that you would stay up the night, waiting to set off fireworks with your friends when midnight finally arrives.
Yes, we do stay up the night before.  It is called Dem Giao Thua.
Exactly!  So your Dem Giao Thua celebration is exactly like my New Year’s Eve party. Although the party will not be as big as the one in New York, we will still be counting down to midnight.
How do you know about a party in New York if you live in California?  Were you invited to the party?
No, I was not invited to the party exactly. I know about the celebration in New York because it is broadcasted on TV every year.  And, everyone is welcome to attend; it is not an exclusive party like the one I am throwing tonight.
This party is shown on television?  What is so special about it?
Well, it is quite a big celebration.  Everyone gathers at a traffic intersection in New York called Times Square to watch various musical artists perform as they wait for midnight to come.  But everyone’s attention is mainly focused on the Ball.
The ball?
Yes, there is a very tall pole that stands upright on top of a building overlooking Times Square and at the very last minute before midnight; a large ball slowly slides down the pole.  The Ball is made of crystal and electric lights and signifies the New Year.  When the Ball reaches the bottom of the pole precisely at midnight, everyone celebrates the arrival of the New Year.
Wow, that all sounds so exciting!  I wish I could see the Ball drop.  Perhaps I should have gone to New York instead of coming to California to visit you.
Well!
I am just teasing you, Matthew.  I would rather celebrate this New Year with you than a bunch of strangers in New York.
Well, I am glad to celebrate New Year with you too, Phuong.  And if you really want to see the Ball drop, it is always televised remember?  I was planning on turning the TV on before the countdown begins.  We can all count down the last minute of this year and watch the Ball drop together.
Awesome!  Your New Year customs are so fascinating. I am glad to be here at the right time.
Hi. It is good to see you, John.
Same here, Nancy. It has been a long time since I last saw you.
Yes, the last time we saw each other was New Year’s Eve. How are you doing?
I am doing OK. It would be better if I have a new job right now.
You are looking for a new job? Why?
I already finished my studies and graduated last week. Now, I want to get a job in the
How long have you been looking for a new job?
I just started this week.
Didn’t you have any interviews with those firms that came to our campus last month? I
I could only get one interview with Fidelity Company because of my heavy work schedule. A month has already gone by, and I have not heard from them. I guess I did not make it.
Don’t worry, John. You always did well in school. I know your good grades will help you get a job soon. Besides, the job market is pretty good right now, and all companies need financial analysts.
I hope so.
You have prepared a resume, right?
Yes.
Did you mail your resume to a lot of companies? How about recruiting agencies?
I have sent it to a dozen companies already. No, I have not thought about recruiting agencies. But, I do look closely at the employment ads listed in the newspaper every day.
Are there a lot of openings?
Quite a few. Some of them require a certain amount of experience and others are willing to train.
My friends told me that it helps to do some homework before you go to an interview. You need to know the company well—what kind of business is it in? What types of products does it sell? How is it doing lately?
Yes, I know. I am doing some research on companies that I want to work for. I want to be ready whenever they call me in for an interview.
Have you thought about questions they might ask you during the interview?
What types of questions do you think they will ask?
Well, they might ask you some questions about Finance theories to test your academic understanding.
I can handle that.
They might tell you about a problem and want you to come up with a solution.
I don’t know about that. I hope I will be able to give them a decent response if the need arises.
They will want to know you a little bit before they make a hiring decision. So, they may ask you to describe yourself. For example, what are your strengths and your weaknesses? How do you get along with people?
I need to work on that question. How would I describe myself? Huh!
Also, make sure you are on time. Nothing is worse than to be late for an interview. You do not want to give them a bad impression, right from the start.
I know. I always plan to arrive about 10 or 15 minutes before the interview starts.
Good decision! It seems that you are well prepared for your job search. I am sure you will find a good job in no time.
I hope so.
I need to run; otherwise, I will be late for school. Good luck in your job search, John.
Thank you for your advice. Bye!
Good morning, Steve. My name is John, and I am the new person in the Finance Department.
Good morning, John. What can I do for you?
As a new person, I need to understand the operation at Lintel. So, I wonder whether I can ask you some questions about the manufacturing process in your department now.
Hold on a second, John. Let me post this production schedule before we sit down and talk.
OK, where do you want to start?
Well, you can describe the production flow in your department.
The production process is based on the customerorder information that I receive from the Sales department. First, we order raw materials from our suppliers. Once the materials arrive at our plant, they are transferred to the production floor where they will go through five different processes before they become finished goods.
How many suppliers do we deal with? Are they all local suppliers? Do any materials come from overseas?
We have a very limited number of suppliers. We deal with approximately ten main suppliers in the US, and we only have a handful of suppliers overseas.
How do you control the quality of the purchased materials?
One of the reasons for having a limited number of suppliers is to ensure the quality of raw materials. My Quality Control group works very closely with our suppliers to make sure that they meet our quality requirements.
Do you maintain a high level of inventory?
No, we keep a very low level of inventory.
How do you move materials from one department to the next?
Very easily through the Material Request form. If department B needs materials from department A, it will fill out a Material Request form and give it to department A.
A very simple process. How about labour? How do you calculate the labour cost?
The Engineering department has done a study on the production process. It has calculated the time required by each different process.
So, under normal situations, the actual production time of each product should be close to the estimated time calculated by the Engineering department?
That is right.
How do you make sure that we only ship good products to our customers?
We definitely do not want to send out defective products. My employees are always reminded that product quality is Number One priority at Lintel.
Do they understand that they should always give their best and that defective products raise the cost of production?
Yes, they perfectly understand that. As a matter of fact, our defective rate is lower than one tenth of one percent. We are very proud of our record.
How do you maintain this excellent record?
We adopt the Continuous Improvement spirit. We evaluate our operating results very often and strive to excel in our job. And, those posters on the wall also help. See the slogan Nothing But Excellence over there?
Yes. What is good for the company is ultimately good for the employees, right?
Definitely.
Next question. How many production shifts do you currently have?
There are two shifts. The first one is from 8:00AM to 4:30PM and the second one is from 2:00PM to 10:30PM.
Do the employees earn the same hourly rate?
No, the pay rate of the second shift is ten percent higher than the rate of the first shift.
That makes sense, Steve. I think I have enough information for now. I might come back and bother you again if I have more questions. Thanks a lot for your help.
Any time, John. You know where I am.
Good evening sir, welcome to Stanley House, can I help you?
Can we have a table for two please.
Please come this way please.
Are you both ready to order now?
Yes, we are. Can we have the Sunday roast with vegetables and Chicken salad please?
Would you like anything to drink with your meal?
2 glasses of white wine please.
Would you like to see the dessert menu
No thanks, can we have the bill please.
Hello, I will be your waitress today. Can I get you both any drinks?
Yes. I would like an iced coffee, please.
And I will have the same please.
OK 2 iced coffees, here you are. Are you now ready to order your, or would you like a few more minutes?
I think we are ready to order. I will have the chicken soup to start, and the steak with fries and the mixed vegetables.
How do you want the steak cooked rare, medium, or well done?
I would like it well done, please.
I do not want a starter. I would like to have the fried chicken with fries and a side salad please.
Your meals will be here shortly.
Here are your meals. If you need anything else just ask. Have a nice meal.
Hello, sir, welcome to Tesco how are you today.
Hello, am fine thanks and you.
Am fine thanks.  (The Checkout lady: - now totals Mr Bean’s goods he has chosen.)
Do you have a reward card?
reward card am sorry I don’t understand.
Reward cards are for paying less in the future for your goods.
Do you want one?
No thanks, am only here on holiday.
Then that’s forty-eight pounds and sixty-three pence, please.
I think am going to need three plastic bags please?
OK, they’re three p each. Is that alright?
Sure, is it ok to pay using my visa credit card?
Yes, that will do just fine, just put your card through here, please.
Okay, Oh, the machine won’t accept my card. Maybe it is because my card is from Thailand?
That’s alright please don’t worry, it’s probably not chip and PIN. You can sign for your shopping. I’ll put your card through here. And here’s your receipt. Have a nice day!
Thank you. 
Oh, it feels so cold this morning.
It sure is. Early this morning my car’s windshield was covered with frost. I had to spray it with water before I could head to school.
Who would have thought it could be this cold in early December, especially in California.
I know. The temperature was 35 degrees Fahrenheit when I woke up this morning. I was freezing as soon as I got out of bed. The cold weather just hit me by surprise.
I cannot remember when it was this cold in early December.
Brace yourself for the rain this afternoon. Cold and wet, Yuck!
It is going to rain this afternoon?
Not only this afternoon, but also the rest of the week.
Oh, it is going to be miserable. I have a full class schedule today and tomorrow. To walk from class to class, I will have to juggle my books and my umbrella trying not to get wet.
You carry too many books. Why don’t you leave some of them in your locker?
My locker is a long way from my English classes. This is the reason why I carry all my books with me. Is it going to rain hard or just drizzle?
The news said that it would start to drizzle around noon, and then it would rain really hard by three o’clock.
No hope for better weather this week?
There is a slim chance of sunshine by Saturday. However, it will be foggy, windy, and rainy before the sun comes out this weekend.
I am glad that it rains even though I do not like rainy weather. We have a very dry season so far this year.
Yes, I can hardly remember when it rained last time. Well, as long as there is no thunder or lightning, I can bear it.
We rarely have thunder or lightning in California.
We are very lucky that California has one of the best weather conditions in America. When it is hot, it is not humid; when it rains, there is no thunder or lightning, and the cold weather during the winter season is quite mild compared to the weather of the other states.
Yes, we are lucky. However, sometimes when I look at the Christmas pictures, I just wish we had some snow. It looks so pretty when everything is covered by a blanket of pure white snow.
Living in southern California all my life, I have never seen snow. I would not mind playing in the snow once in a while.
Yes, it would be fun to make a snowman or go skiing.
We have never seen snow; we have never made a snowman, and we have never gone skiing. We better do something about this.
May be we should plan a trip to Aspen, Colorado during winter break. I heard that the skiing season is fantastic up there.
I don’t think we can afford a trip to Aspen. It is very expensive up there.
I am just wishing. I know what I will be doing during winter break. I will be working very hard to save money for a new car.
With the cars that we drive, it is better that we live in a place where there is no snow.
You are right, we are better off with no snow. Ok, I have class right now; see you later in the library.
See you later.
Thank you for calling Sports Centre. May I help you?
I bought an exercise bike from your store last year, and I am having problems with it. I need to have it repaired.
Let me connect you to the Service department. One moment please.
Service department, this is Karen. How can I help you?
I bought an exercise bike from Sports Centre last year and it needs to be repaired.
What seems to be the problem?
I am not very sure, but I think there is a problem with the bike’s computer console because the LCD screen does not display the different features.
Nothing was on when you pushed the Start button?
No, nothing.
What is your bike model?
It is a 126 Upright Ford Bike.
I can send a technician out to take a look at your bike. It will cost $75.00 for labour. Also, if we have to replace any parts, that will be extra.
That is expensive. Isn’t the repair cost covered by warranty?
When exactly did you purchase your bike?
About fifteen months ago.
I am sorry. The standard warranty only covers a year. Did you buy extra warranty coverage at the time of purchase?
No, I did not. Are there any other options besides paying $75.00 for repair labour?
No, I am afraid not.
I guess I just have to pay for the repair. When can you send a technician?
I have next Thursday November the twenty third at 2:00PM available. Otherwise, the next date has to be December the eighth at 10:00AM.
I take this coming Thursday. Will you send out a reminder?
Somebody will give you a call the evening before to confirm the appointment.
Will the technician accept credit card payment?
Yes, he will. By the way, you can buy the extra warranty coverage now if you want to.
How much does it cost?
Fifty dollars for oneyear warranty, seventy-five dollars for two-years, and a hundred dollars for three-years.
Does it cover both labour and materials?
It covers everything. Do you want to sign up for it?
Oh, I do not know.
It will be good for you. We will send a technician any times the bike needs services. It does not matter how many times you call us in a year. Also, if we cannot fix the problem, we will provide you with a new exercise bike.
OK, I want to sign up for the twoyear warranty program.
I think it is a good investment. Are you going to pay by credit card now or do you want me to send you a bill?
Send me a bill, please.
One last thing before I let you go, I need your address please.
995 Silver Lake Street in Long Beach.
OK, it is all set. Is there anything else I can help you with today?
No. Thank you for your help.
You are welcome. Have a nice day!
